From
	Tom Lehane
	To
	Thaer Saidi; Nathalie Kuosa; Yahya Ajwad; Anton Björkman; Christoffer Andersson; Berhan Karagöz; Omid Manai; Jenny Lenhammar; Adam Fredholm; Fredric Travaglia; Marko Ikäheimo; 28:fd931076-bbfb-4a38-a85c-1f0fb5b61bee
	Recipients
	thaer.saidi@epicalgroup.com; nathalie.kuosa@epicalgroup.com; yahya.ajwad@epicalgroup.com; Anton.Bjorkman@epicalgroup.com; christoffer.andersson@epicalgroup.com; berhan.karagoz@epicalgroup.com; omid.manai@epicalgroup.com; jenny.lenhammar@epicalgroup.com; adam.fredholm@epicalgroup.com; fredric.travaglia@epicalgroup.com; marko.ikaheimo@epicalgroup.com


Yahya Ajwad Perhaps somethign that could consume some EMTC time for 1/2 people?


https://msit.events.teams.microsoft.com/event/f9c0f029-b6f2-43d5-9aed-6eb9a3d9651b@72f988bf-86f1-41af-91ab-2d7cd011db47


 


"Accelerating Innovation with Azure — Stockholm Edition 


Date:
Thursday, 22nd January 2026 


Time:
08:30–18:00 CET 


Location:
Microsoft Stockholm Office, Regeringsgatan 25, 111 53 Stockholm 


Discover how to accelerate innovation with Azure through a full day of expert-led sessions and networking in our Stockholm office. 


Hi Adam and Marione, 


Join us on Thursday, January 22, 2026, at the Microsoft Stockholm Office for an immersive day dedicated to accelerating innovation with Azure. This exclusive event is designed for
 business and technical decision-makers eager to modernize with AI, Microsoft Fabric, containers, and secure landing zones. Experience real-world customer stories and partner expertise as you learn to responsibly adopt AI and drive application modernization. 


Our agenda features a dynamic mix of keynote presentations, deep-dive sessions—including AI, modernization with containers, and data & analytics with Fabric—plus a fireside chat with
 industry experts. Enjoy plenty of opportunities to network during coffee breaks, lunch, and dedicated mingle sessions. Don’t miss this chance to connect with Microsoft experts, customers, and partners to spark new ideas and accelerate your organization’s journey
 with Azure. 


Why attend?  


Learn how to modernize faster, responsibly adopt AI, and scale on Azure with real customer stories and partner know‑how. Join Microsoft experts, customers, and partners for a practical
 day of sessions and networking and gain invaluable inspiration to help accelerate your company’s innovation with Azure.  


Who should attend 


Business and technical decision‑makers exploring AI, application modernization, data & analytics (Fabric), and secure, well‑governed landing zones on Azure. 


How to register:  


Sign
 up here! 


Limited seats available: Please register as soon as possible using the link above to secure your place (2x available for Epical).  


I will be looking forward to seeing you at the event.  


Kind regards 


Daniel Bendix"


 


(Marione has already received this invitation)