Epical CV


 

Profile 

Experienced software developer and solution architect with a proven track record of 

designing, developing, deploying and delivering scalable software solutions. 

Passionate about Integration development / architecture and platform engineering. 

Work experience & projects 

Integration Consultant 
Epical, 2025 – present 

 

Cloud Architect 
Crayon , Paris, 2024 - 2025 

Lead cloud-native solution development mainly in Azure but also GCP, 
AWS, and IBM Cloud, integrating AI to boost app performance and 
scalability, and advanced DevOps for quicker, more reliable deployments. 

Azure Cloud Architect 
Nordcloud, Stockholm,  2023 - 2024 

Expertly enhanced VolvoCars' Inbound Logistics efficiency through 
leveraging IBM cloud environments, OpenShift, and Cloud Native tools. 
Delivered innovative solutions to complex cloud and software challenges 
using advanced software engineering skills. 

Cloud Platforms Architect 
Electrolux , Stockholm, 2017 - 2023 

At Electrolux, I served in several strategic cloud and digital architecture roles, where I 
enhanced and streamlined EpiServer .NET-based CMS platforms across hybrid 
infrastructures using Azure, IBM Cloud, and Akamai. I led the development of 
compliant digital marketing solutions with Angular and .NET Core, and supported 
global marketing initiatives by ensuring scalability, security, and performance. 
Additionally, I acted as a team lead in mobility and contributed to intelligent bot 
systems as a web portals Devops engineer earlier in my tenure. 

Systems Engineer 
TCS , Mumbai, 2016 - 2016 

Led the mobility division as Team Lead and Systems Engineer, developing 
solutions with JavaEE and Ionic Frameworks. 
As a Data Scientist at GESS, focused on intelligent bot systems using 
Dialogflow and IBM Watson.. 
 

 

Integration Consultant 
Thaer Saidi 

E: thaer.saidi@epicalgroup.com 
P: + 46 (0) 708-43 37 76 
Stockholm 

Skills 

• Azure Logic Apps 
• Azure APIM 
• Python 
• Azure Functions 
• Azure DevOps CI/CD 
• Github Actions CI/CD 
• Azure OpenAI 
• ASP.NET Core 
• Kubernetes  
• Docker 
• AWS Lambda Node.js 
• Azure CosmosDb 
• SQL Server 
• Bicep 
• Terraform. 

Certifications 
& recognitions  

• Akamai web foundations 
• Akamai Kona site defender 

Languages 

• English: fluent 
• French: fluent 
• Arabic: native 



Integration Consultant 
Thaer Saidi 

  2/2 

Education 

Sotfware development and programming engineer, ESPRIT 
2013 – 2016  
Statistical engineering and information analysis, ESSAI 
2011 – 2013  
Preparatory school of mathematics and physics, University of Tunis El Manar 
2008 – 2011  
Bachelor degree, Bourguiba pioneer school 
2008 – Click or tap here to enter text.